feat(ecl-compliance): Inner/outer report - FRONT-1150 (#470)
ec-europa/ecl-twig: docs/decisions/003-ecl-compliance.md

# Compliance checks

| Status        | accepted <!--becomes accepted, rejected or superseded later--> |
| ------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Proposed**  | 2020-04-30                                                     |
| **Accepted**  | 2020-06-19                                                     |
| **Driver**    | @planctus                                                      |
| **Approver**  | @kalinchernev, @papegaill                                      |
| **Consulted** | @papegaill, @emeryro, @kalinchernev, @pgingao                  |
| **Informed**  | consumers                                                      |

## Decision

> In order to facilitate the implementation of the ECL components while also enforcing somehow the correct usage of those, the ecl-twig library offers an ecl-compliance tool in the form of checks that can be performed on a component to test whether it respects the editorial guidelines defined for it.

Reviewer: `the ECL components` => `ECL components`

Reviewer: somehow can be removed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to facilitate and enforce correct implementation of ECL components in Twig-based templates the ECL Twig library provides `ecl-compliance` tool. This tool is a collection of Twig template providing an extended list of business and technical requirements expected from a component's implementation. 
```

This tool uses only logic defined in twig templates in order to make the functionality available to any consumer of the library without any additional need, in a transparent way.

## Context

> Ecl twig is a library of twig templates implementing vanilla ECL components: https://ec.europa.eu/component-library/.

Reviewer: `Ecl` -> ECL, or something else which can make naming of the project consistent throughout the documents within the repository.
